elements/components/dotnet.yml: fix update url
elements/components/bluez.yml: enable manpages
elements/components/pcsclite.yml: fix update url
elements/components/make-ca.yml: fix certdata.txt file
elements/components/make-ca.yml: do we need this after ca-certificates
elements/components/autoconf-2.13.yml: check out and fix
elements/components/gc.yml: check patch
elements/components/libyaml-cpp.yml: fix update url
elements/components/libkcddb.yml: fix update url
elements/components/gtk.yml: fix update url
elements/components/dconf.yml: enable bash_completion
elements/components/glm.yml: fix configuration file
elements/components/dnsmasq.yml: fix service file
elements/components/elementary-xfce-icons.yml: build using builtin autotools
elements/components/openjdk.yml: fix update url
elements/components/lxcfs.yml: fix service file
elements/components/lxcfs.yml: enable docs
elements/components/plasma-pam.yml: fix pam configuration
elements/components/devel.yml: convert to layer
elements/components/xfce4-session.yml: fix update url
elements/components/dpp.yml: fix update url
elements/components/openssh.yml: build with builtin autotools
elements/components/nvidia-settings.yml: check patch
elements/components/colord.yml: enable bash_completion, docs and manuals
elements/components/mariadb.yml: fix configuration file
elements/components/postfix.yml: fix user creation
elements/components/postfix.yml: fix systemd service file
elements/components/colord-gtk.yml: enable documentation and manuals
elements/components/lm-sensors.yml: fix configuration
elements/components/debian-archive-keyring.yml: fix update url
elements/components/gtk-doc.yml: fix update url
elements/components/icon-naming-utils.yml: fix update url
elements/components/audit.yml: Learn More about it
elements/components/audit.yml: check config path patch
elements/components/dbus-c++.yml: fix patches
elements/components/espeak-ng.yml: check patch
elements/components/espeak-ng.yml: build using builtin autotools
elements/components/cppgir.yml: fix update url
elements/components/protobuf.yml: fix update url
elements/components/appstream-glib.yml: check stemmer requirement
elements/components/clutter.yml: check configure options
elements/components/egl-wayland.yml: fix nvidia wayland configuration
elements/components/opencv3.yml: fix update url
elements/components/python2.yml: check deprecated
elements/components/dconf-editor.yml: check version
elements/components/udisks.yml: check update url
elements/components/fuse2.yml: fix update url
elements/components/proot.yml: fix patch
elements/components/glew.yml: fix patch
elements/components/drkonqi.yml: fix update url
elements/components/gnome-epub-thumbnailer.yml: fix update url
elements/components/lxc.yml: fix service file
elements/components/exo.yml: fix update url
elements/components/qt.yml: fix patch
elements/components/qt.yml: fix configuration files
elements/components/qt.yml: check dependencies
elements/components/attica.yml: check update url
elements/components/spice.yml: enable gstreamer
elements/components/pciutils.yml: fix update script
elements/components/tracker.yml: enable documentation
elements/components/spice-vdagent.yml: fix configurations
elements/components/gcr.yml: check and fix update url version
elements/components/bsdiff.yml: fix patch
elements/components/xfce4-whiskermenu-plugin.yml: Enable GTK layer shell support
elements/components/apr-util.yml: fix update url
elements/components/dqlite.yml: run autoreconf
elements/components/plymouth.yml: fix configurations
elements/components/appimagetool.yml: FIX update url
elements/components/appimagetool.yml: build from source
elements/components/schroot.yml: fix patch file
elements/components/gnupg.yml: check version and update url
elements/components/folks.yml: check build configurations
elements/components/flatpak.yml: fix configurations
elements/components/nginx.yml: fix service file
elements/components/nginx.yml: fix configuration file
elements/components/cdparanoia.yml: check with inbuilt autotools
elements/components/weston.yml: enable vaapi, pipewire, freerdp, xwayland, gstreamer
elements/components/xfce4-panel.yml: fix update url
elements/components/lxd.yml: fix service file
elements/components/vaapi-driver.yml: fix update url
elements/components/cups.yml: fix pam configuration
elements/components/berkeley-db.yml: Fix update url
elements/components/berkeley-db.yml: check direct source
elements/components/containerd.yml: build from source
elements/components/openjdk-bin.yml: fix update url
elements/components/baloo.yml: check and update
elements/components/nvidia-utils.yml: check update url
elements/components/nvidia-utils.yml: merge into nvidia layer
elements/components/libgssglue.yml: fix configuration
elements/components/pam_wrapper.yml: fix update url
elements/components/fcron.yml: fix configurations
elements/apps/eog.yml: build with portol support
elements/apps/dia.yml:   check better way
